Oh, there he is.
Is it food?
No, it's my father.
Oh, it's food.
I'm all alone in this dark place.
Where is Kakame?
He went to his uncle's house.
I came here alone.
I went to sleep with my uncle.
Oh, my God.
He threw me into the corner and went to sleep.
I went to sleep.
I don't care about my uncle.
I tried to find a way out.
I thought I could find a way out.
But I couldn't find it.
I'm so tired of it.
Oh, my God.
No, no, no.
I killed my uncle.
When my life was taken,
I had to pay for my father's sins.
If I don't return the money,
we'll stop fighting and aroma and tears of editing the situation.
Even now, I'm already taken by someone
in a scratching.
Now it's all work for me,
theater
movie
you
huh
hat
oh
haha
me
He can smell 할avi.
Father